LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT

 

 
OF
 

99 CENTS ONLY STORES LLC

 

Exhibit 3.2

This Limited Liability Company Agreement of 99 Cents Only Stores LLC (the “Company”), dated as of October 18, 2013 (this

“Agreement”), is entered into by Number Holdings, Inc., the sole member of the Company (the “Member”).

 
WHEREAS, the Articles of Organization — Conversion of the Company (the “Articles”) were filed with the Secretary of State of

the State of California on October 18, 2013; and

 
WHEREAS, the Member hereby forms a limited liability company pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of the

California Beverly­Killea Limited Liability Company Act (the “Act”) and subject to the terms, provisions and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Member hereby agrees as follows:
 
1. Name. The name of the Company is 99 Cents Only Stores LLC. The Company may do business under such other names as the

Member shall designate.

 
2. Term. The Company’s existence commenced on the date the Articles of Incorporation of 99¢ Only Stores, the Company’s

predecessor, were filed with the Secretary of State of California on August 31, 1965 and shall continue until dissolved pursuant to this Agreement.

 
3. Purpose. The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful activity for which a limited liability company may be organized

under the Act.

 
4. Registered Agent. The name and address of the registered agent of the Company for service of process on the Company in the

State of California is as follows:

 

CT Corporation System

818 West Seventh Street, Suite 200

Los Angeles, California 90017

 

5. Members. The name and the business address of the Member is set forth on Exhibit A hereto.
 
6. Management. The business and affairs of the Company shall be managed by the Member. The Member shall have full,

complete and exclusive authority and discretion to manage and control the business, affairs and properties of the Company, to make all decisions
regarding those matters, and to perform any and all other acts or activities customary or incident to the management of the Company’s business. At
no time shall the Company have a board of directors, board of managers or similar governing body.
 

Source: 99 CENTS ONLY STORES LLC, 10-Q, 11/8/2013

 

7. No Required Meetings. No annual or special meetings of the Member shall be required.
 
8. Officers. The Member may in its discretion appoint officers of the Company and delegate to such officers such duties as the
Member shall deem necessary or appropriate. Each officer of the Company shall be chosen by the Member in its sole discretion and shall serve at
the pleasure of the Member. Any officer may be removed, with or without cause and with or without advance notice, by the Member at any time.
Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Company. Any resignation shall take effect at the time of the receipt of that
notice or at any later time specified in that notice. Unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be
necessary to make it effective. Any vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or other cause shall be filled by
the Member. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. An officer may, but need not, be a Member of the Company. The
compensation of any officers, if any, shall be determined by the Member. Nothing contained in this Section 8 shall affect or be construed as
affecting the terms of any contract of employment between the Company and any officer. The initial officers of the Company shall be as follows:
 
                

Name
 
 
 
Stéphane Gonthier
 
 
 
Michael Kvitko
 
 
 
Frank Schools
 
 
 
Robert Adams
 
 
 
Michael Green
 
 
 
Howard Derman
 
 
 
Karim Sheikh
 

 

 

 

Office

 

 
President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
 
 
 
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 
 
 
Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer
 
 
 
Interim Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
 
 
 
Senior Vice President, Human Resources
 
 
 
Vice President and Corporate Controller
 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

9. Indemnification of Member. The Company shall indemnify the Member and may indemnify any other person who was or is a

party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding because he or she is or was a Member,
officer, employee or other agent of the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

 
10. Bank Accounts. Company funds may be deposited in the Company’s name in one or more banks, money funds, bank

certificates of deposit or government securities to be designated by the Member. All deposits into and withdrawals from any such Company
account shall be made by the Member or such persons as the Member may designate in a writing making specific reference to this Section 10.

 
2

Source: 99 CENTS ONLY STORES LLC, 10-Q, 11/8/2013

 

11. Dissolution. The Company shall dissolve, and its affairs shall be wound up upon the first to occur of the following: (a) the

written consent of the Member, (b) the bankruptcy or dissolution of the Member or (c) the occurrence of any other event that terminates the
continued membership of the Member in the Company or the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution pursuant to Section 17351 of the Act.

 
12. Capital Contributions. The Member is not required to make any capital contribution to the capital of the Company. However,
the Member may, at any time and in its sole discretion, make contributions to the capital of the Company in the form of cash, services or otherwise.

 
13. Allocation of Profits and Losses. The Company’s profits and losses shall be allocated to the Member.
 
14. Distributions. Distributions shall be made solely to the Member at the times and in the aggregate amounts determined by the

Member.

 
15. Certificated Interests. The Company shall issue certificates representing limited liability interests in the Company unless

otherwise determined by the Member.

 
16. Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code. The Company hereby irrevocably elects that all limited liability company interests in
the Company shall be securities governed by Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in each State. Each certificate evidencing limited
liability company interests in the Company shall bear the following legend:

 
“This certificate evidences an interest in 99 Cents Only Stores LLC and shall be a security governed by Article 8 of the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in each State.”
 
This Section 16 shall not be amended, and any purported amendment to this Section 16 shall not take effect until all outstanding

certificates have been surrendered for cancellation.

 
17. Assignments. The Member may assign in whole or in part its limited liability company interests in the Company; provided that

each assignee of a Member’s limited liability company interests shall execute and deliver to the Company a joinder to this Agreement and agree to
be bound by the terms of this Agreement with respect to the limited liability company interests acquired. Following execution and delivery of such
joinder, the Company shall update Exhibit A hereto to reflect the assignment.

 
18. Admission of Additional Members. One or more additional members of the Company may be admitted to the Company only

with the prior written consent of the Member.

 
19. No Liability of Members. The Member shall not have any liability for the obligations or liabilities of the Company, whether

arising in contract, tort or otherwise.

 
3

Source: 99 CENTS ONLY STORES LLC, 10-Q, 11/8/2013

 

20. Amendment. This Agreement may not be modified, waived or amended except in a writing executed by the Member.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Member may at any time amend Exhibit A to provide any necessary information regarding additional or
substituted Members and changes to percentage interests of the Members.

 
21. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement concerning the Company’s affairs and the conduct of its
business and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether oral or written. The Company shall have no oral operating agreements.

 
22. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of such provision to any person or circumstances, is held
invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to
which it is held invalid or unenforceable, shall continue in full force without being impaired or invalidated.

 
23. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed under, the laws of the State of California without regard

to its conflicts of laws principles.

 

[Signature Page Follows]

 
4

Source: 99 CENTS ONLY STORES LLC, 10-Q, 11/8/2013

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Member, intending to be legally bound hereby, has duly executed this Agreement as

 

of the date and year first set forth above.

 
 

 

       
 

 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

NUMBER HOLDINGS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 

/s/ Frank Schools
 
Name:
 
Title:
 

Frank Schools
 
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 

 

 

 

 

[Signature Page to 99 Cents Only Stores LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement]

 

Source: 99 CENTS ONLY STORES LLC, 10-Q, 11/8/2013

 
   
Name
 
Number Holdings, Inc.
 

 

Exhibit A

 

Members

Address

 

 

 

 

 

 
4000 Union Pacific Avenue
Commerce, CA 90023
Attn: CFO
 

Percentage Interest

100

 

 
%
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Source: 99 CENTS ONLY STORES LLC, 10-Q, 11/8/2013

